about/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About this blog
modified: 2017-12-29T19:15:00.00-00:00
image:
  feature: NYC_sunset_cropped_1024x256.jpg
  credit: Jerry Ferguson (cropped from original)
  creditlink: http://www.flickr.com/photos/fergusonphotography/3056953388/
---

Hello! My name is Frederik Durant, I'm a native from [Brussels, Belgium][brussels].

From January through April 2015, I took a self-sponsored sabbatical from [Nuance Communications][nuance], where I worked as R&D Manager of Natural Language Understanding in the Automotive domain. The larger part of my sabbatical was devoted to a 12-week [Data Science Bootcamp][metis-datascience] at [Metis][metis] in the amazing city of New York.

This .data ("dot data") blog saw the light in order to share my experiences before, during and after this sabbatical.

After the bootcamp, I returned home and took up a job as [Staff Member in Data Innovation at Colruyt Group][colruyt], Belgium's largest food retailer.

Why .data as a name? Well, I started my career in the early [dotcom][dotcom] era. These days of data (science) hype somehow remind me of them, that's all. And it surely allows for a nice logo :-)

[brussels]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brussels
[nuance]: http://www.nuance.com/
[metis]: http://www.thisismetis.com/
[metis-datascience]: http://www.thisismetis.com/data-science
[krash]: https://krash.io
[dotcom]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dot-com_bubble
[colruyt]: http://frederikdurant.com/blog/changing-course/

Commit message:

Added blog article 'London Calling. Or is it Europe?'. Also updated the about page.

about/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About this blog
modified: 2018-09-05T17:00:00.00-00:00
image:
  feature: NYC_sunset_cropped_1024x256.jpg
  credit: Jerry Ferguson (cropped from original)
  creditlink: http://www.flickr.com/photos/fergusonphotography/3056953388/
---

Hello! My name is Frederik Durant, I'm a native from [Brussels, Belgium][brussels].

This .data ("dot data") blog saw the light at the end of 2014. At the
time, I was preparing for a self-sponsored sabbatical from [Nuance
Communications][nuance], where I worked as R&D Manager of Natural
Language Understanding in the Automotive domain. The larger part of my
sabbatical was devoted to a 12-week [Data Science
Bootcamp][metis-datascience] at [Metis][metis] in the amazing city of
New York.

After the bootcamp, I returned home and took up a job as [Staff Member
in Data Innovation at Colruyt Group][colruyt], Belgium's largest food
retailer.

Starting September 2018, I spend my working weeks as a Sr. Data
Scientist at [Aire Labs][airelabs] in London (Shoreditch), UK. Each
Friday evening, I travel back to Brussels to spend the weekend at home
with my wife and daughters. Long live Eurostar!

Why .data as a name? Well, I started my career in the early [dotcom][dotcom] era. These days of data (science) hype somehow remind me of them, that's all. And it surely allows for a nice logo :-)

[brussels]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brussels
[nuance]: http://www.nuance.com/
[metis]: http://www.thisismetis.com/
[metis-datascience]: http://www.thisismetis.com/data-science
[krash]: https://krash.io
[dotcom]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dot-com_bubble
[colruyt]: http://frederikdurant.com/blog/changing-course/
[airelabs]: http://aire.io
